Algolia search, fix: show search box in the sidebar (#1651)
google/docsy: userguide/content/en/docs/adding-content/search.md

   * In `head-end.html` add the DocSearch CSS:

      ```html
      <link rel="stylesheet" href="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/@docsearch/css@3" integrity="sha512-O6ywtjtiV4QGgC6cD75C2Tf04SlTn9vvka8oV/dYpDL1JWM4lVP0QoZbdZt5RLtOWDpaP+MObzUrwl43ssqfvg==" crossorigin="anonymous" />
      ```

>    * In `body-end.html` add the DocSearch script, replacing the `docsearch` details with the snippet you get from Algolia (the example below is Algolia's own site index!). You must provide two `docsearch` functions, with their `container` values matching the IDs of the `div` elements we provide in Docsy's layout:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * In `body-end.html`, add the DocSearch script. In the code below, replace `docsearch()` argument values for `appId`, `apiKey`, and `indexName` with those provided by Algolia. Use the `container` values shown, since they correspond to the IDs found in Docsy's layout:
```

Author: Changed wording as proposed.

      ```html
      <script src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/@docsearch/js@3" integrity="sha512-sQFwlNnBlEyWdI4EwJ9d2wjViu0ZPmIMjPP8kCmBoOjqcljGndf2gb4mldT4ZHxKCQcrdJ0+rxnMFKHuGWB7ag==" crossorigin="anonymous" ></script>
      <script type="text/javascript">

>         docsearch({
>           container: '#docsearch-0',
>           appId: 'R2IYF7ETH7',
>           apiKey: '599cec31baffa4868cae4e79f180729b',
>           indexName: 'docsearch',
>         });
>         docsearch({
>           container: '#docsearch-1',
>           appId: 'R2IYF7ETH7',
>           apiKey: '599cec31baffa4868cae4e79f180729b',
>           indexName: 'docsearch',
>         });

Reviewer: Let's help projects keep things DRY:

```suggestion
      for (let i = 0; i < 2; i++) {
        docsearch({
          container: `#docsearch-${i}`,
          // Replace the values below with those for your site.
          // These are Algolia's test values used for illustrative purposes:
          appId: 'R2IYF7ETH7',
          apiKey: '599cec31baffa4868cae4e79f180729b',
          indexName: 'docsearch',
        });
      }
```

Author: Good suggestion, implemented as-is.
